Liam Neeson has sparked a race row after making comments about once wanting to kill a black person.

He says he walked the streets with a weapon, hoping to kill someone as revenge after someone close to him was raped by a black man.

The actor, who was promoting his new film Cold Pursuit, told the Independent that "there's something primal" when you become angry.

The BBC has contacted Liam Neeson's representatives for comment.

In the interview, he said: "God forbid you've ever had a member of your family hurt under criminal conditions. I'll tell you a story. This is true."

Neeson said the alleged rape took place a long time ago and he found out about it when he came back from a trip abroad. The actor went on to use racially offensive language about the attacker.

He said: "She handled the situation of the rape in the most extraordinary way.

"But my immediate reaction was... I asked, did she know who it was? No. What colour were they? She said it was a black person.

"I went up and down areas with a cosh, hoping I'd be approached by somebody - I'm ashamed to say that - and I did it for maybe a week, hoping some [uses air quotes with fingers] 'black bastard' would come out of a pub and have a go at me about something, you know? So that I could kill him."

Neeson, whose new film sees him star as a snowplough driver seeking revenge against drug dealers he thinks killed his son, has been subject to a lot of criticism on social media over the interview for what has been seen as racially charged comments.

Javon Johnson said on Twitter that the comments were "violently discarding black folks" but were also "haunted by patriarchy" because "he turned his friend's sexual assault into a platform for his own need to prove his male dominance."

Neeson referred back to his comments later in the interview, adding: "It was horrible, horrible, when I think back, that I did that. And I've never admitted that, and I'm saying it to a journalist. God forbid.

"It's awful. But I did learn a lesson from it."

The 66-year-old, who is best known for Schindler's List and the thriller series Taken, also described growing up in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, during the Troubles.

"I knew a couple of guys that died on hunger strike, and I had acquaintances who were very caught up in the Troubles, and I understand that need for revenge, but it just leads to more revenge, to more killing and more killing, and Northern Ireland's proof of that.

"All this stuff that's happening in the world, the violence, is proof of that, you know. But that primal need, I understand," he added.




The INF Treaty that Washington abandoned was aimed at primarily providing security for Europe, not the US, the Russian envoy to the US said, explaining the US move was driven by a desire to get new missiles.
“The INF Treaty is dealing with the security of the European countries and the Russian Federation, not with the security of the US,” Russia’s ambassador to the US, Anatoly Antonov, told RT, adding that Washington has apparently not been very interested in preserving the agreement, which it began to see as a limitation on its own military capabilities.

Washington confirmed its withdrawal from the treaty, signed by the US and the USSR back in 1987, earlier this year and Moscow said it would also quit in a mirror response. The pact banned nuclear-armed and conventional land-launched missiles with a range between 500 and 5,500km.

The fact that Washington opted for an openly confrontational approach to talks with Moscow on the issue only proves that the US was not genuinely interested in keeping the agreement but instead looked for a pretext to leave it.

The US diplomats delivered their Russian counterparts an ultimatum by saying that Russia must destroy the 9M729 missile, which supposedly violates the treaty, along with its launchers and all relevant equipment. “It is not a diplomatic approach. It is impossible to imagine that somebody would attempt to impose such decisions on a permanent member of the UN Security Council,” Antonov said. Apart from that, the US also ignored all Russia’s attempts to build a transparent and meaningful dialog on the issue.

The US snubbed a presentation of the missile in question organized by the Russian Defense Ministry. “We have invited military attaches … we offered them to look at our missile,” Antonov said, noting that “it is very strange that the US representatives have decided not to participate in the event.”

At the same time, the US squarely dismissed all of Russia’s concerns about their alleged violations of the INF Treaty. Responding to Moscow’s statements on the issue, Washington said that its ground-based missile defense systems in Europe, which, according to Russia, have launchers technically capable of firing cruise missiles, were “totally different” and could fire only “defensive” missiles.

It further noted that its target missiles, which Russia says perfectly emulate cruise missiles banned under the INF, are actually in full compliance with it while the US attack drones that could potentially serve the same purpose as short- or mid-range missiles cannot be seen as such at all.

The ambassador also said that Russia will quickly adapt to the new environment and will find a way to protect itself. Still, the dismantling of the treaty would not make any country in the world safer, including the US itself and might yet lead to another security crisis, he warned.


If the US decides to deploy its new missiles in Europe, “it will be a crisis of security for the European countries,” Antonov said.

‘Toxic dust’ in Washington poisons atmosphere in relations between Russia & US
The US, however, seems to be more focused on containing Russia at any cost, even if it harms international security and the prosperity of other nations, the ambassador complained, citing numerous sanctions that Washington imposed over the last 18 months and the prospect of some new ones.

One US draft bill, Antonov said he is aware of, could “punish” Russia for supplying the Syrian Armed Forces with arms and equipment they need to defend themselves and their country. Even though Russia and the US “fight against terrorism on separate fronts” in Syria, both nations seek to combat the common threat of extremism. However, now Washington is apparently ready to sacrifice this goal in its feud with Moscow, he added.

Other examples of Washington hampering cooperation with Moscow are: US pressure on the EU over construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that European countries find “very useful” and is a purely economic project, and sanctions against the head of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, Dmitry Rogozin, that prevent him from participating in “very important talks” with his American counterparts about cooperation in space between Russia and the US.


“I try to understand the logic of the congressmen and senators, who introduce such sanctions but I fail to do so,” he told RT. At the same time, he said that Russia is aware of the current political climate in Washington and does not intend to “press on” the US to speed up the improvement of bilateral ties.

Moscow hopes that the “toxic dust” filling the atmosphere in Washington will eventually subside, opening new ways of cooperation between the two great powers, the ambassador added.

Russia and US are ‘doomed’ to cooperate
Meanwhile, Moscow and Washington have no other choice but to work together despite all the differences in their bilateral relations, according to Antonov. “I would like to remind you that the US and Russia are great powers…major nuclear-weapon states,” he said, adding that the two also bear “special responsibility for international peace and security” as permanent members of the UN Security Council.

The ambassador noted that, in 2020, the world will see a Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference, adding that it would be increasingly difficult to convince non-nuclear states to stick to the non-proliferation regime if the nuclear powers, including Russia and the US, do not demonstrate any achievements in nuclear disarmament, as well as the joint resolve to keep that path.


I am sure that the non-nuclear state will ask us, the nuclear states, what kind of achievements in nuclear disarmament can you present to us – and it will be a very difficult conversation on that issue,” he said. At the same time, he also said that Moscow and Washington still have some time to change the potential outcome of that conference.

“I’m sure, when we’re together we can solve many, many pressing problems,” he said, adding that Russia is always “open to finding a solution together with the US.”



After self-proclaimed leader of Venezuela Juan Guaido said he might 'authorize' a US military intervention, he was rebuffed by Congressman Ro Khanna, who told him he doesn’t get to make the call on "US military interventions."
“Mr. Guaido, you can proclaim yourself leader of Venezuela but you don’t get to authorize US military interventions,” Khanna tweeted on Saturday, adding that only the US Congress can greenlight sending troops overseas.

“We will not,” the Democrat from California added.

He further stressed that it is not up to “neoconservative Defense Department officials” or “defense contractor lobbyists” to authorize interventions abroad either.

Congressman Khanna was reacting to earlier remarks made by US-backed opposition leader Juan Guaido, who didn’t rule out approving a US military intervention to oust President Nicolas Maduro from power in Venezuela. He told AFP that he would do “everything that is necessary” in order to “save human lives,” while acknowledging that the deployment of American soldiers is “a very controversial subject.”

The speaker of the nation’s parliament, Juan Guaido, declared himself ‘interim president’ of Venezuela in January. His move was immediately supported by the White House. Most South American states and some EU nations, such as the UK, France, and Germany, followed suit.

Recognizing Guaido as the legitimate leader of the nation, US President Donald Trump confirmed that direct military involvement in Venezuela is “an option.” His position was later echoed by Vice President Mike Pence, who reiterated that Washington will “keep all options on the table” until democracy is “restored” in Caracas.

The Trump administration’s belligerent rhetoric was met with pushback from a number of politicians. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders said the US must “not be in the business of regime change or supporting coups.”

Representative Ilhan Omar noted that a US-backed coup is “not a solution” to Venezuela’s problems and Washington “cannot hand pick leaders for other countries.”


“Let the Venezuelan people determine their future,” Congresswoman from Hawaii Tulsi Gabbard wrote, saying the US should “stay out.”

Nations such as Russia, China, and Iran continue to recognize Nicolas Maduro as the legitimate president of Venezuela. The US’ open backing of the opposition is aimed at “exacerbating the division within the Venezuelan society,” which can lead to “chaos” and the “destruction of Venezuelan statehood,” the Russian Foreign Ministry has stated.

A spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry noted that “enduring peace” in Venezuela can only be achieved through dialogue and “political means.”

President Maduro told RT Spanish that the US made a “mistake” by getting behind the opposition. He said that he doesn’t believe a foreign intervention will actually take place, but the country has to be prepared, nonetheless. The government needs to ensure that military involvement would cost Washington “entirely too much.”

Maduro earlier warned that a conflict would be a ‘David v Goliath’ situation, leaving Trump’s presidency “stained with blood.”


Human Rights Watch (HRW) Middle East Director Sarah Leah Whitson is under fire from Jewish organizations after claiming Israel is meddling in UK domestic politics by summoning a “manufactured” anti-Semitism crisis.
The incident began when Asa Winstanley, a journalist for the Electronic Intifada, a US-based pro-Palestinian news outlet, warned that new accusations would soon rock the UK’s Labour Party, which has been dogged by scandals ever since Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader in 2015.

“We’re on the cusp of a major new wave of manufactured ‘Labour antisemitism crisis’ stories, much like spring/summer 2018,” Winstanley tweeted, linking to his own article from last year, which suggested that Jewish activists had been taking instructions from a government-developed phone app to criticize Corbyn en masse.


Whitson, who is one of the public faces of HRW, and oversees the advocacy group’s work in 19 countries, including Palestine and Israel, appeared to endorse Winstanley’s stance in a retweet, to which she added her own thoughts.

“Why is this #israel interference in domestic UK politics acceptable? Is it only a problem when Russia does this?” she wrote on the social media network.
This produced significant pushback from several prominent Jewish voices, including the US-based activist NGO Stand with US, and an editor at the Jewish News, the prime newspaper of the community in the UK.

All insisted that her implication that Israel was behind the tensions with the Jewish community experienced by the Labour Party was an “anti-Semitic conspiracy theory.”


So far, the US-born Whitson has neither defended her position, nor deleted the original tweet. Last year, Matthew Myers, associate director of finance at HRW, was suspended from his position after making light of the Holocaust in his dating profile on Tinder.


Complete with a huge 'tweet-dashing' sword and 'golden' armor, a colossal float depicted US President Donald Trump as the grandiose Emperor from the Warhammer 40,000 series.
In all his might and glory, His Majesty the Emperor of Mankind descended on the small town of Viareggio in central Italy on Saturday. As part of an annual carnival procession, US President Donald Trump 'appeared' cosplaying the iconic character from the Warhammer 40,000 universe.

The popular franchise of tabletops, which also spurred several video games, typically depicts the Emperor as a walking epitome of epicness and unparalleled power. The colossal float of Trump conveyed the same message. Clad in shiny golden armor, he sported a grim, yet pompous and regal look in his eyes.

In his hand he wielded a huge broadsword. The phrase 'your duties' in Italian, engraved on the blade, hinted that he slays his enemies as boldly as he slaps tariffs on EU goods. The weapon’s hilt was fitted with blue Twitter birds, apparently suggesting that the US president pulls no punches while attacking opponents on social media.

A human-sized ‘Trump’ was also seen marching ahead on the giant float, dressed as one of the Space Marines, the Emperor’s loyal troops.

The striking float left some commenters questioning whether it was meant to ridicule Trump or compliment him.

Others poked fun at the scene, saying that the president may use the sword to combat ‘fake news’, and an army of such warriors would be “better than the wall.”

A series of Daily Mail articles claiming to reveal Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn’s “extremist views” and evidence of both his laziness and ruthlessness is being mocked as social media users list all the ways he is a #DangerousHero.



The dramatic articles published in the Mail on Sunday are based on content from a book by Tom Bower called ‘Dangerous Hero: Corbyn's ruthless plot for power’, and contain some "horrifying" tid-bits such as the fact Corbyn can’t even tell the difference between Tesco and Heinz baked beans, and that he “found no pleasure in medieval towns,” both well-established indicators of a dangerous, ruthless personality.

Despite jaw-dropping reveals such as the fact that Corbyn “never talked about buying a bigger home or car or increasing his income,” and isn’t a big enough fan of Arsenal football team, the multiple articles failed to have had the desired effect, with social media users mocking its content, and even claiming it made the Labour leader more attractive.


People cited the ways they think Corbyn really is a dangerous hero and some said he was only “dangerous” to the one percent of the population with the greatest wealth.
Others pointed to  examples of Corbyn coming to the defense of professor Ralph Miliband attacked by the Daily Mail and his own recent handling of a question from the outlet's reporter suggesting he seeks revenge for unfavourable coverage.. 

A Republican senator has accused China of preparing for World War III. Like most of Washington’s statements concerning China, the lawmaker has completely ignored the US’ role in creating such a scenario in the first place.
Just last week, Republican Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma made the allegation that China’s military was preparing for World War III.

“It’s like you’re preparing for World War III,” he said during a Senate hearing focused on the so-called challenges presented by Russia and China. “You’re talking to our allies over there and you wonder whose side they’re going to be on.”

According to Inhofe, the US has sat back and watched as China has built its military presence in the South China Sea, turning artificial islands into potential launch pads for its military.

The idea that the US has sat back and watched anything, ever, in the history of the world, is somewhat laughable. Even under the Obama administration, the president had an explicit containment strategy which was supposed to enclose and encircle China from all angles. The so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) was also designed for this purpose (yet for some reason Donald Trump, who is overtly anti-Chinese, thought the agreement was a bad idea).

Inhofe also said he was “concerned” that “our message” was “not getting across.”

I don’t mean to be base, but perhaps the problem in the China-US relationship is that the message is getting across – loud and clear. The US has pushed the expansion of NATO up to and around Russia’s borders. It has invaded and bombed Iraq, Syria (miraculously occupying one-third of Syrian territory, including its most oil-rich region), Libya, Yemen, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia, and even the Philippines.

On top of it, this superpower has also threatened war with Iran, North Korea and Venezuela, all of whom share a cosy relationship with China. Washington supplies lethal arms to and backs known neo-Nazi elements in Ukraine; and a leaked phone call even saw then-secretary of state Victoria Nuland discuss who she proposed putting inside Ukraine’s government after Viktor Yanukovych was successfully ousted from power.

Under Trump, the US has started a potentially disastrous trade war with China and has openly flirted with the idea of dropping its support for the One-China policy (not to mention weighing up substantive support for Taiwan).


Come on, the message is getting across. If you are a lesser nation without a nuclear supply or the backing of a major nuclear power, you will find the US military right on your doorstep. If you are more of a handful and require a less upfront approach, you will find the US military right next door, peering in the window, all the while American sanctions wreak havoc on your economy.

In that context, if China was indeed preparing for World War III, we really shouldn’t be all that surprised. There has to be a reason that, at the beginning of the year, Chinese President Xi Jinping’s first order to his country’s military was to prepare for battle (aka a “comprehensive military struggle from a new starting point”), stating further that “all military units must correctly understand major national security and development trends, and strengthen their sense of unexpected hardship, crisis and battle.”

Furthermore, joining Inhofe at the Senate hearing was the director of studies at the think-tank Center for a New American Security (CNAS), Ely Ratner. Approximately a year ago, our good friend Victoria Nuland (mentioned above regarding regime change and support for neo-nazism archives) was named as the new CEO of the CNAS. It also has the support of the drone-king himself, General David Petraeus, and its experts have helped contribute their opinions to foreign policy, the New York Times, the Washington Post, Fox News, CNN, the Wall Street Journal (WSJ), and NPR. It openly warns against the withdrawal of US troops from Syria, for example, because such a move would embolden Iran.

I think it’s fair to say then, that when it comes to a discussion on China, CNAS must be a top-notch source. The company that Inhofe keeps is evidently therefore a reliable one.


China as the scapegoat for US failures
In all fairness, the US has been sounding the alarm on China for some time now.

In November last year, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo gave China a direct and clear warning that it must behave like a “normal nation” (on commerce) and “with respect to the rules of international law.”

If the charges against China are that it does not act like a normal nation and is acting in contravention of international law, it sounds like the US and China would have a lot in common. This would be true even under the Bush, Clinton and Obama administrations, but the US under Trump is openly disregarding international law and eroding confidence in any of the existing UN institutions that are left, making even the slightest mention of international law hypocritical and nonsensical.

Just days ago, US intelligence agencies were warning that China was using student spies to steal secrets from the US. At the end of last year, a bipartisan group of 12 senators wrote a letter to senior members of the Trump administration, urging them to counter covert Chinese interference in “democracies” around the world.

In October last year, retired Lt. General Ben Hodges warned that an all-out war between the United States and China was highly likely within the next 15 years. While the warning is one that should be heeded, the blame again, according to mainstream pundits, seems to wholly lay at China’s feet, with the retired general stating that the US “does not have the capacity to do everything it has to do in Europe and in the Pacific to deal with the ‘Chinese threat.’”

Even if Washington’s and its allies’ fear of China were justified, it pays to remind that, officially, Beijing has one overseas military base which is located in Djibouti in the horn of Africa. The corporate media is now even catching on to the fact that, when it comes to Africa, the US has its troops scattered across the entire continent. In total, the US hasabout 800 bases located all over the planet, and it shows no signs of downsizing its military or its nuclear supply.

You would have to have an immense insecurity complex to preside over 800 military bases, yet fear a nation that only boasts one.

Furthermore, last month, Donald Trump revealed a revised US missile-defense strategy which was more-or-less obsessed with China. The man is basically preparing for a space war with China and Russia, developing space-based sensors to detect incoming enemy missiles, as well as exploring space-based weapons to shoot down missiles fired at the American homeland (again, from Russia and/or China).

Perhaps China really is preparing for World War III in the South China Sea, but at the end of the day, the body of water is just that – the South China Sea. If the US refuses to accept Beijing’s claim to its island-building project in the sea and fear the potential for China to project its military prowess into the ocean, then it must equally reject its own claim over the waterways of most of the planet and send its military bases packing back to where they came from.

US President Donald Trump has mocked the so-called Green New Deal initiative spearheaded by freshman Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (NY-14), seeking to ‘revolutionize’ the US economy by any means necessary.
“I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called ‘Carbon Footprint’ to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas & the Military – even if no other country would do the same,” the US leader tweeted Saturday.

The billionaire businessman and a proud climate change skeptic stopped short of traditionally branding it the ‘worst deal’ ever, but he apparently believes spending trillions to fully transform and rebuild the US economy would be a waste that’d undermine America’s competitive advantage on the world stage.

Trump’s critics predictably flooded him with personal attacks, accusations of selling Americans’ future to oil corporations and arguments that the Democrats at least have some kind of a plan.




His supporters in the meantime have been calling out the advocates of the proposal as hypocrites, who just pretend to care about climate while flying private jets, going as far as calling the Green movement ‘the new Red’. They also mocked the botched roll-out of the half-baked initiative, where the draft document published by ‘mistake’ featured some mind-boggling passages like the one offering economic security for all who are “unwilling to work.”

Venezuela’s natural reserves, such as oil, gas, and gold, encourage the US to seek regime change there, President Maduro told RT, saying he won’t be remembered as a leader who showed weakness and ignorance to his people.
“What ‘casus belli’ does Donald Trump have against Venezuela? Venezuelan oil. Venezuela’s riches – gold, gas, diamonds, iron, water,” Maduro said in an exclusive interview with RT Spanish. The remarks come as Western nations pile overwhelming pressure on the Latin American country.

Maduro, who is widely seen as the successor to the cause of late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez, said it doesn’t matter how he will go down in history.

What does matter, he said, is that he doesn’t want to be a “traitor” and a “weak person,” bowing down to Washington.

Turmoil in Venezuela escalated on the heels of economic hardships which saw the country suffer from galloping inflation, skyrocketing prices and low living standards. Yet, Maduro believes his government has a solution to those troubles.

Admitting that “hyperinflation caused tremendous damage to us,” he suggested that the resources “kidnapped by the world” be freed for a national recovery. Aside from that, the government will work on keeping prices as low as possible and will stabilize the national currency rate.

US sanctions also did their job, Maduro said. He labelled Washington’s restrictions against state-run oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PDVSA) and its US subsidiary Citgo illegal, saying Caracas will respond. “Measures like these have never been introduced against any other country,” stated Maduro.


CIA World Factbook for 2017 says Venezuela has the world’s biggest proven crude oil reserves, surpassing those of Saudi Arabia, Canada, Iran and Iraq. During the crisis, Venezuelan officials suggested that oil is behind US attempt to replace Maduro with someone friendlier to Washington.

As Bush-era arch-hawk John Bolton put it, the US had “a lot at stake” in Venezuela’s affairs. “It will make a big difference to the United States economically if we could have American oil companies invest in and produce the oil capabilities in Venezuela,” he told Fox Business host Trish Regan.

The US has steadily toughened sanctions on Venezuela in recent years in an effort to weaken the government and destabilize economy. Some international observers believe the sanctions and economic war hit Venezuela’s people in the first place, contributing to the lack of medicine, malnutrition and mortality. 




